feat(curriculum): Add fCC Authors Page Project to JS Cert (#49655)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-fetch-and-promises-by-building-an-fcc-authors-page/63fc85d4cc971ca3ecd547f2.md

---
id: 63fc85d4cc971ca3ecd547f2
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
---
# --description--

> In this project, you will learn asynchronous JavaScript and how to use the `fetch` API. You will also learn how to display the data from an API on a web page. 

Reviewer: While the `fetch` API is commonly used to interact with APIs, here we're just fetching a remotely stored JSON file. My understanding is that we're making a GET request to our CDN / network of servers, one of which responds with the JSON, but there's no real API to interact with in this project.

It might be best to be more general about `fetch` here and replace "endpoint" with "URL". While endpoints are all URLs, they're specific to APIs.

It might be better to use the term endpoint with the next project, which does involve interacting with the forum proxy API.

Author: THanks Kris. I searched through and replaced every occurrence of endpoint with URL

All the HTML and CSS for this project has been provided for you. You can take a look at the two files to familiarize yourself with them.

> Start by accessing the `ids` called `author-container` and `load-more-btn` with the `querySelector()` method. Save them in the variables `authorContainer `and `loadMoreBtn` respectively.

Author: Ok. I changed it to `getElementById()` and "Assign them to the variables..."

> In this project, you will learn asynchronous JavaScript and how to use the `Fetch API`. You will also learn how to display the data from an API on a web page. 
> 
> All the HTML and CSS for this project has been provided for you. You can take a look at the two files to familiarize yourself with them.
> 
> Start by accessing the `ids` called `author-container` and `load-more-btn` with the `getElementById()` method. Assign them to the variables `authorContainer `and `loadMoreBtn` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this project, you will learn about asynchronous JavaScript and how to use the `Fetch API`. You will also learn how to display data from a remote source on a web page. 

All the HTML and CSS for this project has been provided for you. You can take a look at the two files to familiarize yourself with them.

Start by getting the `#author-container` and `#load-more-btn` elements with the `.getElementById()` method. Assign them to the variables `authorContainer` and `loadMoreBtn`, respectively.
```
